Python is an interpreted, high level and general purpose programming language. 
Python's design philosophy emphasizes code readability with its notable use of significant indentation. 
Its language constructs and object oriented approach aim to help programmers write clear, logical code
for small and large scale projects.[29]

Python is dynamically-typed and garbage collected. 
It supports multiple programming paradigms, including structured (particularly, procedural), 
object-oriented and functional programming. Python is often described as a "batteries included" 
language due to its comprehensive standard library.[30]

Python was created in the late 1980s, and first released in 1991, 
by Guido van Rossum as a successor to the ABC programming language. 
Python 2.0, released in 2000, introduced new features, such as list comprehensions, 
and a garbage collection system with reference counting, 
and was discontinued with version 2.7 in 2020.[31] Python 3.0, released in 2008,
was a major revision of the language that is not completely backward-compatible 
and much Python 2 code does not run unmodified on Python 3.
With Python 2's end-of-life (and pip having dropped support in 2021[32]), 
only Python 3.6.x[33] and later are supported,
with older versions still supporting e.g. Windows 7 (and old installers not restricted to 64-bit Windows).


ARAW, BITUIN, ULAP, BUWAN

Ikaw ang aking ARAW.
Dahilan ng liwanag sa mundo kong gumagalaw.
Kilig ay umaapaw.
At ang sinisigaw ng puso ko’y ikaw.

Pag sapit ng gabi, tinitingala ko ang mga BITUIN.
Iniisip na sana ako’y iyong mahalin.
Dahil masakit para saakin
Na hindi ako yung iyong piliin.

Sa langit na binabalot ng mga ULAP.
Ikaw ang lagi kong hinahanap hanap.
Umaasang sana ako na lang ang iyong kayakap.
Sana malaman mong iyon lang ang aking pangarap.

Liwanag sa aking gabi ay ang BUWAN.
Ang hirap din pa lang pigilan
Ng sakit na nararamdaman ko nung ako’y iyong talikuran.
Pero tandaan mo, andito ka lang palagi sa aking puso’t isipan.